URGENT BUSINESS ASSISTANCE AND PARTNERSHIP.

DEAR FRIEND,

I AM ( DR.) JAMES NGOLA, THE PERSONAL ASSISTANCE TO THE LATE CONGOLESE (PRESIDENT LAURENT KABILA) WHO WAS ASSASSINATED BY HIS BODY GUARD ON 16TH JAN. 2001.
THE INCIDENT OCCURRED IN OUR PRESENCE WHILE WE WERE HOLDING MEETING WITH HIS EXCELLENCY OVER THE FINANCIAL RETURNS FROM THE DIAMOND SALES IN THE AREAS CONTROLLED BY (D.R.C.) DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF CONGO FORCES AND THEIR FOREIGN ALLIES ANGOLA AND ZIMBABWE, HAVING RECEIVED THE PREVIOUS DAY (USD$100M) ONE HUNDRED MILLION UNITED STATES DOLLARS, CASH IN THREE DIPLOMATIC BOXES ROUTED THROUGH ZIMBABWE.
MY PURPOSE OF WRITING YOU THIS LETTER IS TO SOLICIT FOR YOUR ASSISTANCE AS TO BE A COVER TO THE FUND AND ALSO COLLABORATION IN MOVING THE SAID FUND INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT THE SUM OF (USD$25M) TWENTY FIVE MILLION UNITED STATES DOLLARS ONLY, WHICH I DEPOSITED WITH A SECURITY COMPANY IN GHANA, IN A DIPLOMATIC BOX AS GOLDS WORTH (USD$25M) TWENTY FIVE MILLION UNITED STATES DOLLARS ONLY FOR SAFE KEEPING IN A SECURITY VAULT FOR ANY FURTHER INVESTMENT PERHAPS IN YOUR COUNTRY.
YOU WERE INTRODUCED TO ME BY A RELIABLE FRIEND OF MINE WHO IS A TRAVELLER,AND ALSO A MEMBER OF CHAMBER OF COMMERCE AS A RELIABLE AND TRUSTWORTHY PERSON WHOM I CAN RELY ON AS FOREIGN PARTNER, EVEN THOUGH THE NATURE OF THE TRANSACTION WAS NOT REVEALED TO HIM FOR SECURITY REASONS.
THE (USD$25M) WAS PART OF A PROCEEDS FROM DIAMOND TRADE MEANT FOR THE LATE PRESIDENT LAURENT KABILA WHICH WAS DELIVERED THROUGH ZIMBABWE IN DIPLOMATIC BOXES. THE BOXES WERE KEPT UNDER MY CUSTODY BEFORE THE SAD EVENT THAT TOOK THE LIFE OF (MR. PRESIDENT).THE CONFUSION THAT ENSUED AFTER THE ASSASSINATION AND THE SPORADIC SHOOTING AMONG THE FACTIONS, I HAVE TO RUN AWAY FROM THE COUNTRY FOR MY DEAR LIFE AS I AM NOT A SOLDIER BUT A CIVIL SERVANT I CROSSED RIVER CONGO TO OTHER SIDE OF CONGO LIBREVILLE FROM THERE I MOVED TO THE THIRD COUNTRY GHANA WHERE I AM PRESENTLY TAKING REFUGE.
AS A MATTER OF FACT, WHAT I URGENTLY NEEDED FROM YOU IS YOUR ASSISTANCE IN MOVING THIS MONEY INTO YOUR ACCOUNT IN YOUR COUNTRY FOR INVESTMENT WITHOUT RAISING EYEBROW. FOR YOUR ASSISTANCE I WILL GIVE YOU 20% OF THE TOTAL SUM AS YOUR OWN SHARE WHEN THE MONEY GETS TO YOUR ACCOUNT, WHILE 75% WILL BE FOR ME, OF WHICH WITH YOUR KIND ADVICE I HOPE TO INVEST IN PROFITABLE VENTURE IN YOUR COUNTRY IN OTHER TO SETTLE DOWN FOR MEANINGFUL LIFE, AS I AM TIRED OF LIVING IN A WAR ENVIRONMENT.
THE REMAINING 5% WILL BE USED TO OFFSET ANY COST INCURRED IN THE CAUSE OF MOVING THE MONEY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. IF THE PROPOSAL IS ACCEPTABLE TO YOU PLEASE CONTACT ME IMMEDIATELY THROUGH THE ABOVE TELEPHONE AND E-MAIL, TO ENABLE ME ARRANGE FACE TO FACE MEETING WITH YOU IN GHANA FOR THE CLEARANCE OF THE FUNDS BEFORE TRANSFRING IT TO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT AS SEEING IS BELIEVING.
FINALLY, IT IS IMPORTANT ALSO THAT I LET YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THERE IS NO RISK INVOLVED WHATSOEVER AS THE MONEY HAD NO RECORD IN KINSHASA FOR IT WAS MEANT FOR THE PERSONAL USE OF (MR. PRESIDEND ) BEFORE THE NEFARIOUS INCIDENT OCCURRED, AND ALSO I HAVE ALL THE NECESSARY DOCUMENTS AS REGARDS TO THE FUNDS INCLUDING THE (CERTIFICATE OF DEPOSIT), AS I AM THE DEPOSITOR OF THE CONSIGNMENT.

LOOKING FORWARD TO YOUR URGENT RESPONSE.

----------

URGENT ASSISTANCE /RELATIONSHIP (P)

Dear Friend,

I am Mr. Ben Suleman a custom officer and work as Assistant controller of the Customs and Excise department Of the Federal Ministry of Internal Affairs stationed at the Murtala Mohammed International Airport, Ikeja, Lagos-Nigeria.
After the sudden death of the former Head of state of Nigeria General Sanni Abacha on June 8th 1998 his aides and immediate members of his family were arrested while trying to escape from Nigeria in a Chartered jet to Saudi Arabia with 6 trunk boxes Marked "Diplomatic Baggage". Acting on a tip-off as they attempted to board the Air Craft,my officials carried out a thorough search on the air craft and discovered that the 6 trunk boxes contained foreign currencies amounting to US$197,570,000.00(One Hundred and  Ninety-Seven Million Five Hundred Seventy Thousand United States Dollars).

I declared only (5) five boxes to the government and withheld one (1) in my custody containing the sum of (US$30,000,000.00) Thirty Million United States Dollars Only, which has been disguised to prevent their being discovered during transportation process.Due to several media reports on the late head of state about all the money him and his co-government officials stole from our government treasury amounting
to US$55 Billion Dollars (ref:ngrguardiannews.com) of July 2nd 1999. Even the London times of July 1998 reported that General Abacha has over US$3.Billion dollars in one account overseas. We decided to conceal this one (1)box till the situation is calm and quite on the issue. The box was thus deposited with a security company here in Nigeria and tagged as "Precious Stones and Jewellry" in other that its
content will not be discovered. Now that all is calm, we (myself and two of my colleagues in the operations team) are now ready to move this box out of the country through a diplomatic arrangement which is the safest means. 

However as government officials the Civil Service Code of Conduct does not allow us by law to operate any foreign account or own foreign investment and the amount of money that can be found in our account
cannot be more than our salary on the average, thus our handicapp and our need for your assistance to help collect and keep safely in your account this money.
Therefore we want you to assist us in moving this money out of Nigeria. We shall definitely compensate you handsomely for the assistance. We can do this by instructing the Security Company here in Nigeria to
move the consignment to their affiliate branch office outside Nigeria through diplomatic means and the consignment will be termed as Precious Stones and Jewelleries" which you bought during your visit to Nigeria and is being transfered to your country from here for safe keeping. Then we can arrange to meet at the destination country to take the delivery of the consignment. You will thereafter open an account there and lodge the Money there and gradually instruct remittance to your Country. 

This business is 100% risk free for you so please treat this matter with utmost confidentiality .If you indicate your interest to assist us please just e-mail me for more Explanation on how we plan to execute the transaction.

Expecting your response urgently.


----------

GOOD DAY TO YOU

ATTENTION:PRESIDENT,CEO Sir/ Madam. 

This letter might surprise you because we have met
neither in person nor by correspondence. But I believe
it is one day that you got to know somebody either in
physical or through correspondence. 

I got your contact through discreet inquiry from the
chambers of commerce and industry of your country on
the net, you and your organization were revealed as
being quite astute in private entrepreneurship, one
has no doubt in your ability to handle a financialbusiness transaction. 

However, I am the first son of His Royal
majesty,Obong.D. Eleme , and the traditional Ruler of
Eleme Province in the oil producing area of River
State of Nigeria. I am making this contact to you in
respect of US$60,000,000.00 (Sixty Million United
State Dollars), which I inherited, from my latefather. 

This money was accumulated from royalties paid to my
father as compensation by the oil firms located in our
area as a result of oil presence on our land, which
hamper agriculture, which is our major source oflivelihood. 

Unfortunately my father died from protracted
diabetes.But before his death he called my attention
and informed me that he lodged some funds on a two
boxes with a security firm with an open beneficiary
status. The lodgment security code number was also
revealed to me, he then advised me to look for a
reliable business partner abroad, that will assist me
in investing the money in a lucrative business as a
result of economic instability in Nigeria. So this is
the main reason why I am contacting you for us to move
this money from the security firm to any Country of
your choice for investment purpose. 

So I will like you to be the ultimate beneficiary, so
that the funds can be moved in your name and
particulars to any Country of your choice where it
will be claimed and invested. Hence my father have had
intimated the security firm personnel that the
beneficiary of the box is his foreign partner whose
particulars will be forwarded to the firm when due. 

But I will guide you Accordingly. As soon as the funds
reach, I will then come over to meet you in person, so
that we can discuss physically on investment
potentials. Based on this assistance my Family and I
have unanimously decided to give you 30% of the total
money, 5% for Charity home, 10% for expenses, which
may arise during this transaction, Fax and phone bills
inclusive. The balance of 55% you will invest andmanaged for my Family. 

I hereby guarantee you that this is not government
money, it is not drug money and it is not money from
arms deal. Though you have to maintain high degree of
confidentiality on this matter. I will give more
details about the proceedings of this transaction as
soon as I receive your favorable reply. 

Please reply to my Email Address:obong_715@epatra.com
I hope this will be the beginning of a prosperous
relationship between my family and your family. 

Nevertheless if you are for any reason not interested,
kindly inform me immediately so that I will look foranother contact. 

I am waiting for your quick response. 

----------

GOOD DAY TO YOU

ATTENTION:PRESIDENT,CEO Sir/ Madam.

This letter might surprise you because we have met
neither in person nor by correspondence. But I believe
it is one day that you got to know somebody either in
physical or through correspondence. 

I got your contact through discreet inquiry from the
chambers of commerce and industry of your country on
the net, you and your organization were revealed as
being quite astute in private entrepreneurship, one
has no doubt in your ability to handle a financialbusiness transaction. 

However, I am the first son of His Royal
majesty,Obong.D. Eleme , and the traditional Ruler of
Eleme Province in the oil producing area of River
State of Nigeria. I am making this contact to you in
respect of US$60,000,000.00 (Sixty Million United
State Dollars), which I inherited, from my latefather. 

This money was accumulated from royalties paid to my
father as compensation by the oil firms located in our
area as a result of oil presence on our land, which
hamper agriculture, which is our major source oflivelihood. 

Unfortunately my father died from protracted
diabetes.But before his death he called my attention
and informed me that he lodged some funds on a two
boxes with a security firm with an open beneficiary
status. The lodgment security code number was also
revealed to me, he then advised me to look for a
reliable business partner abroad, that will assist me
in investing the money in a lucrative business as a
result of economic instability in Nigeria. So this is
the main reason why I am contacting you for us to move
this money from the security firm to any Country of
your choice for investment purpose. 

So I will like you to be the ultimate beneficiary, so
that the funds can be moved in your name and
particulars to any Country of your choice where it
will be claimed and invested. Hence my father have had
intimated the security firm personnel that the
beneficiary of the box is his foreign partner whose
particulars will be forwarded to the firm when due. 

But I will guide you Accordingly. As soon as the funds
reach, I will then come over to meet you in person, so
that we can discuss physically on investment
potentials. Based on this assistance my Family and I
have unanimously decided to give you 30% of the total
money, 5% for Charity home, 10% for expenses, which
may arise during this transaction, Fax and phone bills
inclusive. The balance of 55% you will invest andmanaged for my Family. 

I hereby guarantee you that this is not government
money, it is not drug money and it is not money from
arms deal. Though you have to maintain high degree of
confidentiality on this matter. I will give more
details about the proceedings of this transaction as
soon as I receive your favorable reply. 

Please reply to my Email Address:obong_715@epatra.com
I hope this will be the beginning of a prosperous
relationship between my family and your family. 

Nevertheless if you are for any reason not interested,
kindly inform me immediately so that I will look foranother contact. 

I am waiting for your quick response. 

----------

I Need Your Assistance.

Dear sir, 
 
It is with a heart full of hope that I write to seek your help in respect of the context below. I am Mrs. Maryam Abacha the former first lady of the former Military Head of State of Nigeria General Sani Abacha whose sudden death occurred on 8th of June 1998 as a result of cardiac arrest (heart attack) while on the seat of power. 
I have no doubt about your capability and good-will to assist me in receiving into your custody (for safety) the sum of US$25 Million willed and deposited in my favour by my late husband in a security and deposit company. Though my contact to you for this assistance is not anchored on any personal ecommendation, I pray your understanding, good will and sincere assistance to respond to this message with honest intensions and concern. 
This money is currently deposited here with a security company as miscellaneous awaiting collection and according to the agreement entered into at the time of deposit between my late husband and the Security Company at the time of deposit; the collection centre is in Ghana. As it is legally required, the administration of my late husband's properties is under the authority of the family's lawyer Tony Musa. 
 
My Dear JK, since the demise of my husband, the present regime has been probing my late husband's wealth and properties, the London Newsweek of 13th march 2000 referred. The investigating team led by Enrico Monfrini, the lawyer acting on behalf of the Nigerian government has so far submitted their report and presently, some liquid cash and assets, movable and immovable, have been frozen and seized both locally here and internationally and my last hope is rested on the immediate security of this fund in your custody. Also, Johnnie Cochran, the lawyer who defended OJ Simpson, has been brought in by the Abacha entourage to help them retain the disputed funds. Fortunately, our family lawyer had secretly protected the "Personal will" of my husband from the notice of the investigators and have strictly advised that the willed money be urgently moved into an overseas account of Trusted Foreign family friend without delay. For security reasons and f!
urther advise,! no relations or fr! 
iends of ours should be used; as this is a measure of security. The government had earlier placed foreign travel embargo on all our family members and seized all known local and International outfits of our business empire. 
The situation has been so terrible that we are virtually living on the assistance of well-wishers. In view of this plight, I expect you to be trustworthy and kind enough to respond to this "SOS" call to save my children and I from a hopeless future. 
I hereby agree to compensate your sincere and candid effort, immensely, which will be discussed between you, the Attorney and I. On your immediate response, the Attorney will travel to Ghana where both of you will meet, and thereafter proceed to the deposit company for the claims. 
The documentations include, most importantly, Power of Attorney and Certificate of Deposit amongst few others. These documents will be sent to you by Fax, as you would have to present them for proper claims. 
Please, be rest assured that this transaction is completely safe and legal but must be kept strictly to yourself even after the funds have been secured into our custody. This is so because any leakage of information could ruin the whole transaction. 
Please all contacts must be made through my lawyer on his email: tony_m@lawyer.com This has to be so as he has been mandated to handle this matter and I have fully briefed him (my Attorney) on my contact to you. Due to my present circumstance, I have handed everything over to him to co - ordinate and finalize with you and I will communicate you as at when necessary. Please for the safety of this transaction, reply stating your phone and fax numbers to enable them contact you directly without running the risk of mail interception. 
I look forward to your quick response.

----------

Partnership

ATTENTION:                                    
PRESIDENT/MANAGING DIRECTOR 
   
Dear Sir/Madam, 
   
Request for Urgent Business Relationship 
   
We are Top Officials of the Federal Government of 
Nigeria Contract Review Panel who are interested in 
importation of goods into our country and 
investing abroad with funds which are presently 
trapped in Nigeria. 
In order to commence this business we solicit your 
assistance, knowledge and expertise to enable us 
recieve the said trapped  funds abroad, for the 
subsequent purchase and inventory of the goods to be 
Imported and the investment abroad. 
   
The source of this fund is as follows: During the 
previous military regimes in our country, government 
officials set up companies and awarded themselves 
contracts which were grossly over-invoiced in 
various ministries. The new civilian government now 
setup  a contract review panel which i and my 
colleagues are members and we have identified a lot of 
inflated sum, due to our position  as civil servants 
and members of this panel, we cannot aquire this money 
in our names. 
I have therefore, been delegated as a matter of trust 
by my colleagues of the panel to look for an oversea 
partner into whose account the sum of us$31,000 000,00 
(thirty-one million united states dollars) will be 
Paid by telegraphic transfer. Hence we are writting 
you this letter. 

We have agreed to share the money thus: 
1.  70% for us (the officials) 
2.  20% for the foreign patner(you) 
3.  10% to be used in settling taxation and local and 
Foreign expenses. 

It is this 70% that we wish to commence the 
importation business and the investment abroad. Please 
note that this transaction is 100% safe and we hope 
that the funds can arrive your account in latest 
ten(10) banking days from the date of reciept of the 
following information.A suitable company name and bank 
account(company or personel) into which the funds can 
be paid. 
   
The above information will enable us write letters 
of claim and job  description respectively. This way 
we will use your company's name to apply for payments 
and re-award the contract to your company name. 
   
We are looking foward to doing business with you and 
solicit your confidentiality  in this transaction. 
   
Please acknowledge reciept of this letter using this 
e-mail address. 
davidkuta2002@yahoo.com 
I await your urgent response. 

NOTE: ALL CORRESPONDENCE SHOULD BE  CONFIDENTIAL. 

----------

Urgent Attention

Dear Sir,

I am Barrister Tunde Dosumu (SAN) solicitor at law. I am the personal attorney to Mr. Eton Simon, a national of your country, who used to work with Shell Petroleum Development Company (SPDC)here in Nigeria. Here in after shall be referred to  me as my client.  On the 21st of April 2000, my client, his wife And  their three children were involved in a car accident along Sagbama Express Road. All occupants of the  vehicle unfortunately lost there lives.  Since then I  have made several enquiries to your embassy to locate  any of my clients extended relatives this has also  proved unsuccessful. 

After these several unsuccessful attempts, I decided  to track his last name over the Internet, to locate  any member of his family hence I contacted you.  I  have contacted you to assist in repatrating the money  and property left behind by my client before they get confisicated or declared unserviceable by the bank  where this huge deposits were lodged, particularly, the CITI TRUST BANK where the deceased had an  account valued at about US$14.7million dollars . The bank has issued me a notice to provide the next of kin or have the account confisicated within the next ten official
working days. 

Since I have been unsuccesfull in locating the the relatives for over 2 years now I seek your consent to present you as the next of kin of the deceased since
you have the same last name  so that the proceeds of this account valued at US$14.7 million dollars can be paid to you and then you and me can share the money. I have all necessary legal documents that can be used to back up any claim we may make.

All I require is your honest co-operation  to enable us see this dealthrough. I  guarantee that this will be executed under legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law.Please get in touch with me via my private email address of barrister_tunde@lawyer.com to enable us discuss further. Or, call me on 234-80-33-432-485

----------

URGENT BUSINESS PRPOSAL

I ascetained your contact through a reliable source,In
my search for a foreign partner to assist me in my
business. 
I am William Drallo, the son of  late former Minister
Of Mines and Natural Resource during the time of Major
Koromah, the former Military Head of State of the
Republic of  Sierra Leone, who was massacred by
president Tijani Kabba force in their struggle to
reinstate him back to power.

I and my brother are refugee here in Accra,Ghana since
the death of our father, because of  the  condition of
his death.Before the death of my  father some months
ago he disclosed to me some money and gold he had
deposited in a security company here in ghana. 

The total amount of money which happened to
be$28.3000.000.oo,US Dollars.And gold at 200Kg of
22Karat all in a security vault in ghana.

The document regarding this consignment was handed
over to me by my father before his death, I carefully
search and found the security Company where I
confirmed that the consignment were deposited for safe
keeping in their securit vault in ghana.

The content were deposited as a family valuable, By
virtue of right as the son of my late father, the
security company has accepted to release the
consignment factually.

I am seeking your assistance because my father has
declared the record with the security company stating
that his foreign parrtner shall be the authorised
person to make claim on this consignment becaues of
his position in government on which no name was given
by my father as his foreign partner.

To this effect, I request to make the beneficiary of
his consignment in your name as foreign partner to
claim this consignment. For your assistance,I am ready
to give you 10%from the total sum.  This is a risk
free transaction
as my father deposited this valuable as a personal
belonging.
In this situation every process to completely move
this  valuable may not exceed (7) working days, if
your co-operation to assist is sort.please include
your phone and fax number for easy communication I
shall be very
grateful to hear from you, all documents concerning
this are intact with me, please kindly reach me as
soon as possible in email address
william22drallo@yahoo.com or william2244@maktoob.com

----------
THANK YOU

CHALLENGE SECURITIES LTD.
LAGOS, NIGERIA

ATTENTION:MADAM/SIR

I am MR.USMAN ABACHA , the Director of Operations
CHALLENGE SECURITIES LTD,LAGOS NIGERIA. Here in
NIGERIA Our firm is a security company of high repute
with years of outstanding service to the people of
Africa.

I have resolved to contact you through this medium
based on business proposal that will be of mutual
benefit to both of us. I got your particulars through
a consultant company base on my research for a
trustworthy and established person that understands
investment ethic for entering into a life time
profitable joint partnership investment and also
co-operation with confidence and trust that you will
keep the contents secret and divulged to any third
party.

To be explicit and straight to the point. Some time
early 1997, a reputable client of ours deposited a
consignment in our company's vault for safe keeping.
And since then our client has failed to come forward
to claim his consignment, which has accumulated a
considerable amount of money in demurrage.

Consequently, in our bide to contact this client to
redeem the demurrage which his consignment had
accumulated we discovered that our client was the
former president of the Federal Republic of Zaire, who
died of illness after he was de-throwed in the same
year the consignment was entrusted into our care.

Since the death of our client President Mobutou
Seseseko, none of his benefactors has come forward to
claim the consignment with us, which means that non of
his relatives or aids had any knowledge of this
consignment. Hence out of curiosity I decided to
secretly open the two boxes that our client deposited
in our vault. And to my surprise I discovered that the
two boxes that were registered as treasurer by our
client actually contained a considerable amount of
money in United States Dollars amounting to about
US$30 million Dollar. Since this development I have
been nursing plans secretly. I also found out from
enquiries and the foreign media that our late client
siphoned a lot of money from his country while he was
in office as head of state.

It is my conviction that the consignment in our vault
was part of the money that our client siphoned and now
that he is dead there is no race to this money in our
care.

I am now soliciting your noble assistance to assist me
in transferring this money out of nigeria to your
country for immediate investment with your assistance.
I have also decided that you will generously be
entitled to 30% of the total amount. Upon my receipt
of your reply confirming your willingness to assist me
of this transaction, I will immediately arrange and
transfer all the rights of ownership of this
consignment to your name to facilitate your easy
clearance and transfer of the complete funds to your
country.

you have nothing to worry about, as I will  be there
to assist you in anyway necessary with all proper
documentation.

This transaction is 100% risk free.

Please maintain absolute confidentiality on this
matter.


Thanks.

----------

Urgent Assistance

Dear Sir,

I am Barrister Tunde Dosumu (SAN) solicitor at law. I am the personal attorney to Mr. Eton Simon, a national of your country, who used to work with Shell Petroleum Development Company (SPDC)here in Nigeria. Here in after shall be referred to  me as my client.  On the 21st of April 2000, my client, his wife And  their three children were involved in a car accident along Sagbama Express Road. All occupants of the  vehicle unfortunately lost there lives.  Since then I  have made several enquiries to your embassy to locate  any of my clients extended relatives this has also  proved unsuccessful. 

After these several unsuccessful attempts, I decided  to track his last name over the Internet, to locate  any member of his family hence I contacted you.  I  have contacted you to assist in repatrating the money  and property left behind by my client before they get confisicated or declared unserviceable by the bank  where this huge deposits were lodged, particularly, the CITI TRUST BANK where the deceased had an  account valued at about US$14.7million dollars . The bank has issued me a notice to provide the next of kin or have the account confisicated within the next ten official
working days. 

Since I have been unsuccesfull in locating the the relatives for over 2 years now I seek your consent to present you as the next of kin of the deceased since
you have the same last name  so that the proceeds of this account valued at US$14.7 million dollars can be paid to you and then you and me can share the money. I have all necessary legal documents that can be used to back up any claim we may make.

All I require is your honest co-operation  to enable us see this dealthrough. I  guarantee that this will be executed under legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law.Please get in touch with me via my private email address of barrister_tunde@lawyer.com to enable us discuss further. Or, call me on 234-80-33-432-485

----------

IMPORTANT

Dear Sir,
 
SEEKING YOUR IMMEDIATE ASSISTANCE.
Please Permit me to make your acquaintance in so
informal a manner. This is necessitated by my urgent need to reach a dependable and trust wordy foreign
partner. This request may seem strange and
unsolicited but I will crave your indulgence and pray that you view it seriously. My name is MR TEMI JOHNSON of the Democratic Republic of Congo and One of the close aides to the former President of the Democratic Republic of Congo LAURENT KABILA of blessed
memory, may his soul rest in peace.
 
Due to the military campaign of LAURENT KABILA to
force out the rebels in my country, I and some of my
colleagues were instructed by Late President Kabila
to  go abroad to purchase arms and ammunition worth of
Twenty Million, Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars only (US$20,500,000.00) to fight the rebel group. But when President Kabila was killed in a bloody shoot-out by one of his aide a day before we were schedule to travel out of Congo, We immediately  decided to divert the fund into a private security company here in Congo for safe keeping. The security of the said amount is presently being threatened here following the arrest and seizure of properties of Col. Rasheidi Karesava (One of the aides to Laurent Kabila) a tribesman, and some other Military Personnel from our same tribe, by the new President of the Democratic Republic of Congo, the son of late President Laurent Kabila, Joseph Kabila. 
In view of this, we need a reliable and trustworthy foreign partner who can assist us to move this money out of my country as the beneficiary.
WE have sufficient ''CONTACTS'' to move the fund under Diplomatic Cover to a security company in the europe in your name. This is to ensure that the Diplomatic Baggage is marked ''CONFIDENTIAL'' and it  will not pass through normal custom/airport screening and clearance.
Our inability to move this money out of Congo all
This while lies on our lack of trust on our supposed good friends (western countries) who suddenly became hostile to those of us who worked with the late President Kabila, immediately after his son took office. Though we have neither seen nor met each other, the information We gathered from an associate
who has worked in your country has encouraged and convinced us that with your sincere assistance, this transaction will be properly handled with modesty
and honesty to a huge success within two weeks. The said money is a state fund and therefore requires a total confidentiality.
Thus, if you are willing to assist us move this fund out of Congo, you can contact me through my email address above with your telephone, fax number and personal information to enable us discuss the modalities and what will be your share
(percentage) for assisting us.
I must use this opportunity and medium to implore You to exercise the utmost indulgence to keep this Matter extraordinarily confidential, Whatever your Decision, while I await your prompt response. Thank you and GodBless.
 
----------

URGENT ASSISTANCE.


FROM THE DESK OF DR.SAM JORDAN
THE MANAGER
Headquarter,
First Bank of Nigeria Plc.
Lagos, Nigeria.
Alternative E-mail: sam01jordan@yahoo.com
Sir,

Compliment of the day and how is life general with
you? Of course it is my humble wish to solicit and
crave your indulgence to make this project request for
a joint business transaction which I hope will not
come to you as a surprise, hence I plead for
your pardon.

I am Dr.Sam Jordan, the  Manager of headquarter
First Bank of Nigeria Plc. Lagos. I have an urgent and
confidentialbusiness proposal for you. 

On June 6, 1998, an Italian oil
consultant/contractor with via National Petroleum
cooperation (NNPC) Mr. Paul Bush made a numbered time
(fixed) deposit for twelve calenderer month valued at
US$43.7,000.00 in my branch.

On maturity, I sent a routine notification to his
forwarded address but got no reply after months we
send a reminder and finally we discovered from his
contract employee (Nigeria national petroleum
Corporation) that Mr. Paul Bush died from an
automobile accident. On further investigation, it was
clear  that he died without making a will. All
attempts by the Australian to trace his next of
kin were fruitless.

I therefore made further investigation and discovered
that Mr. Paul Bush did not declare any next of kin or
relations in all his official documents including his
deposit document in my bank. The total sum
US$43.7,000,000.00 is still in my bank as dormant
acct.
No one will ever come forward to claim it. According
to Nigerian banking law, after five years, the money
will revert to the ownership of the Nigerian
Government. If the account owner is certified death
and nobody comes forward to claim it.

This is the situation , and my proposal is that I am
looking for a foreigner who will stand in as the
beneficiary/next of kin. This is simple. All you have
to do is to immediately send me the details of a bank
account anywhere in the world for me to arrange the
proper money transfer document. The money will then be
transferred into the account for us to share in the
ration of 60% for me 30% for you while the remaining
10% will be set aside for expenses incurred with
here and there.

There is no risk involved. I am using my position and
connection in the bank here to do all the document
work for the transaction. We shall employ the services
of an attorney to draft the will and obtain all
necessary documents and letter of administration in
your fovour for the transfer. This transaction is risk
free guaranteed. If you are interested, please reply
immediately confidentiality and be rest assured that
this transaction could be most profitable for both of
us. Please do not expose this deal if you are not
interested because if you do, it will take me out
of seat.Please expenses is involve in this
business,phone/fax number,and your bank particulars.

I am awaiting your urgent reply.

----------

Barrister Peter Brown

SENIOR ADVOCATE OF NIGERIA
BARR. PETER BROWN (SAN)
TEL: 234-8042-138-545
E-MAIL: p_brown@lawyer.com

Dear Friend ,

I am Barrister Peter Brown a member of Nigeria Bar
Association (NBA).Your contact reached me through the
World Business Encyclopaedia.Hence,I made up my mind to
introduce this business to you in confidence for the
mutual benefit of both of us.

The sum of USD45M (Forty five Million United States)
was lodged into a security company here in the Country
by the late Head of State (GEN.SANI ABACHA) for
safe-keeping. This money was lodged in security vaults
/ boxes and labelled as personal belongings and as such
the security company does not know the true content of
the boxes.This money was originally meant to be used
for his political campaign. Because I was his family
Attorney as such he confided in me with the
relevant document papers relating to this deposit
before he died of cardiac arrest.

As a matter of fact we have concluded all arrangement
with an offshore Security Company to move this money as
a consignment through diplomatic means to their
offshore affiliated office where you will be required
to put claim to the consignment as the bonafide
beneficiary of the consignment. You should know that
this business is safety and 100% risk-free as it
does not involve drug money or Terrorist fund.

If you are interested to carry out this transaction
with me, 20% will be for you for your assistance, 5%
for general expenses, and 75% for us.

You are required to send by e-mail immediately your
Full name and Address, which I will use to draft an
agreement that will guide and protect both of us in
this transaction also which will be used to
effect the change of ownership of the consignment to
your name as the beneficiary of the consignment.

Also send me your Telephone and Fax numbers for easy
communication.

Once you notify me your willingness by sending the
above requirement.This transaction will be concluded
within 7 (seven)working days.

I will be waiting for your urgent reply.You can reach
me on my Cell Telephone No: 234-8042-138-545 or my
alternative E-mail: p_brown@lawyer.com


----------

MICHAEL

My Dear ,

Good day.This very confidential request should come as a surprise to you.But it is because of the nature of what is happening to me and my family urged me to contact you, and I quite understand that this is not the best way to contact you because of the nature of my request and the attention it requires.I got your contact information from your country's information directory during my desperate search for someone who can assist me secretly and confidentially in relocating and managing some family fortunes.

My name is Mr.Michael Kamah, the second son of Mr.Smith  Kamah, of Beitbridge Zimbabwe.At the height of the present political crises in our country,in which the white farmers in our country are being slained and ripped off their belongings by the supporters of our president,Mr.Robert G.Mugabe,in their efforts to reclaim all the white owned farms in our country,my father and my elder brother were brutally slained to a painful death on the 13th of february,2002, in their struggle to protect some white farmers who ran to take refuge in our house.My father,during his life on earth was a prominent business man who trades on diamond and gold from some foreign countries .He publicly opposes the crude policies and crime against humanity on the white farmers by Mr.Robert Mugabe and his followers,which they enforced media law restrictions to protect their wicked acts.That not being enough,the president and his followers after winning the last undemocratic elections decided to block an!
d confiscate all accounts and assets of our black indigenes[that included my fathers assets and accounts] who oppose his policies and render support to these white farmers,along with the assets of these white farmers themselves,that are being presently confiscated.I therefore decided to move my mother and younger sister to the Republic of South Africa,where we presently live without anything and without any source of livelyhood.

During my fathers life on earth,he had deposited the sum of Seven Million and Four Hundred Thousand United States Dollars[$7.400.000.00],in a trunk box with a Finance and Security Company in the Republic of Togo for a cash and carry Diamond and Gold business with some foreign business customers, awaiting instructions to be moved to its destination,which he never completed before he met his untimely death on that faithful day.In view of this and as the only surviving son of my father,and with the present clamp down,killing and confiscation of his assets as one of those who render support to the white farmers in our country,I therefore humbly wish to inform you of my intentions to use your name and adress in making sure that this fund is lifted out of Africa finally,to the Europe office of the finance company and also seek for your honest and trustworthy assistance to help me clear and accommodate this money over there before it is dictated out and blocked by the present Mugab!
e's regime.My mother is presently with the valid document covering this deposit.

Now this is what I actually want you to do for me;

1. I want you to be presented to the Finance and Security company as the person I contacted to assist my family for this purpose, with whose name and adress myself and my mother will forward to them their office in the Republic of Togo as the person that will clear this money when they lift it out to their europe office.
2. To finally assist me in accommodating and managing this money in any lucrative business in your country for at least three years. 

Please,I hope you will grant and view this very request with favour and much understanding of our situation now,and will be a very honest and reliable person to deal with.And also bearing in mind the confidential nature of this my request,I emphasize please that you keep every bit of it to yourself so as to protect my familys future and yourself rendering this help.Thanking you in anticipation of your urgent response as soon as you read this very request.

----------

SEEKING YOUR IMMEDIATE ASSISTANCE. 

Please permit me to make your acquaintance in so informal a manner. This is necessitated by my urgent need to reach a dependable and trust worthy foreign partner. This request may seem strange and unsolicited but I crave your indulgence and pray that you view it seriously. My name is COL. MICHAEL BUNDU of the Democratic Republic of Congo and one of the close aides to the former President of the Democratic Republic of Congo LAURENT KABILA of blessed memory, may his soul rest in peace. 

Due to the military campaign of LAURENT KABILA to force out the rebels in my country, I and some of my colleagues were instructed by Late President Kabila to go abroad to purchase arms and ammunition worth of Twenty Million, Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars only (US$20,500,000.00) to fight the rebel group. We were then given this money privately by the then President, LAURENT KABILA, without the knowledge of other Cabinet Members. But when President Kabila was killed in a bloody shoot-out by one of his bodyguards a day before we were schedule to travel out of Congo, We immediately decided to put the funds into a private security company here in Congo for safe keeping. 

The security of the said amount is presently being threatened here following the arrest and seizure of properties of Col. Rasheidi Karesava (One of the aides to Laurent Kabila) a tribesman, and some other Military Personnel from our same tribe, by the new President of the Democratic Republic of Congo, the son of late President Laurent Kabila, Joseph Kabila. 

In view of this, we need a reliable and trustworthy foreign partner who can assist us to move this money out of my country as the beneficiary. 
WE have sufficient ''CONTACTS'' here to move the fund under Diplomatic Cover to a security company in Europe in your name. This is to ensure that the Diplomatic Baggage is marked ''CONFIDENTIAL'' and it 
will not pass through normal custom/airport screening and clearance. 

Our inability to move this money out of Congo all this while stems from our lack of trust of our supposed good friends (western countries) who suddenly became hostile to those of us who worked with the late President Kabila, immediately after his son took office. Though we have neither seen nor met each other, the information We gathered from an associate who has worked in your country has encouraged and convinced us that with your sincere assistance, this transaction will be properly handled with modesty and honesty to a huge success within two weeks. The said money is a state fund and therefore requires a total confidentiality. 

We would please need you to stand on our behalf as the beneficiary of this fund in Europe. This is because we are under restricted movement and watch and hence we want to be very careful in order not to lose this fund which we have worked so hard for. Thus, if you are willing to assist us to move this fund out of Congo, you can contact me through my email addresses, Tel/Fax nos. above with your telephone, fax number and personal information to enable us discuss the modalities and what will be your share (percentage) for assisting us.

Please note that There are no RISKS involved in this Deal as everyone's Security is Guaranteed if we follow the required guidelines. I will hence furnish you with further details of this Deal as soon as I am assured of your Sincere interest to assist us. 

I must use this opportunity and medium to implore you to exercise the utmost indulgence to keep this matter extraordinarily confidential, Whatever your decision, while I await your prompt response. Thank you and God Bless. 
